Adds content to modal react examples. (#8117)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Modal/examples/Modal.md

```ts file="./ModalTopAligned.tsx"
```

### Small modal

To shorten the horizontal width of a modal, the `variant` property can be set to "small".

```ts file="./ModalSmall.tsx"
```

### Medium modal

To shorten the horizontal width of a modal, the `variant` property can be set to "medium".

```ts file="./ModalMedium.tsx"
```

### Large modal

To shorten the horizontal width of a modal, the `variant` property can be set to "large".

```ts file="./ModalLarge.tsx"
```

### Custom width

To choose a specific width for a modal, use the `width` property. This example has a `width` of "50%".

```ts file="./ModalCustomWidth.tsx"
```

### Custom header and footer

To add a custom header and footer to a modal, set the `header` and `footer` properties to a custom implementation. The following example passes title components into both the header and the footer and also passes an icon to the footer.

```ts file="./ModalCustomHeaderFooter.tsx"
```

### No header or footer

To exclusively present information in a modal, remove the `header` and/or `footer`.

```ts file="./ModalNoHeaderFooter.tsx"
```

### Title icon

> To add an icon before a modal’s title, use the `titleIconVariant`, which can be set equal one of the predefined variants -- "success", "danger", "warning", "info", and "default" -- or to an imported custom icon. The following example uses a "warning" variant.

Reviewer: Last small nit! Otherwise LGTM

```suggestion
To add an icon before a modal’s title, use the `titleIconVariant`, which can be set to one of the predefined variants -- "success", "danger", "warning", "info", and "default" -- or to an imported custom icon. The following example uses a "warning" variant.
```

```ts file="./ModalTitleIcon.tsx"
```

### Custom title icon

To add a custom icon before a modal’s title, set `titleIconVariant` to an imported custom icon. The following example uses imports and uses a bullhorn icon.

```ts file="./ModalCustomTitleIcon.tsx"
```

### With wizard

To guide users through a series of steps in a modal, you can add a [wizard](/components/wizard) to a modal. To configure the `<Wizard>`, pass an array that contains a “name” and “component” value for each step into the `steps` property.

```ts file="./ModalWithWizard.tsx"
```

### With dropdown

To present a menu of actions or links to a user you can add a [dropdown](/components/dropdown) to a modal. To allow the dropdown to visually break out of the modal container, set the `menuAppendTo` property to “parent”. Handle the modal’s closing behavior by listening to the `onEscapePress` callback on the `<Modal>` component. This allows the `esc` key to collapse the dropdown without closing the entire modal.

```ts file="./ModalWithDropdown.tsx"
```

### With help

> To help simplify and explain complex models, add a help [popover](components/popover). Only place a help icon at the modal level if its information applies to all content in the modal. If the help popover is specific to a particular modal section, place the help icon beside that section instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To help simplify and explain complex models, add a help [popover](/components/popover). Only place a help icon at the modal level if its information applies to all content in the modal. If the help popover is specific to a particular modal section, place the help icon beside that section instead.
```

Author: I will always manage to mess up links somehow 😆

## Examples

### Basic modals

Basic modals give users the option to either confirm or cancel an action. To flag an open modal, use the `isOpen` property. To execute a callback when a modal is closed, use the `onClose` property.

```ts file="./ModalBasic.tsx"
```

### Scrollable modals

To enable keyboard-accessible scrolling of a modal’s content, pass `tabIndex={0}` to the `<Modal>`.

```ts file="ModalWithOverflowingContent.tsx"
```

### With a static description

To provide additional information about a modal, use the `description` property. Descriptions are static and do not scroll with other modal content.

```ts file="./ModalWithDescription.tsx"
```

### Top aligned

> To override a modal's default center alignment, use the `position` property. In this example, `position` is set to "top", which moves the modal to the top of the screen.

Reviewer 3: Just an aside, I noticed in the docs that the "type" for the `position` prop is "literal", so you don't get a list of alternate positions, even though there is only one available currently ("top"). 

https://patternfly.org/v4/components/modal#modal

https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/blob/122f28feeb8a8130c8beb9e2504ba34e48b911b1/packages/react-core/src/components/Modal/Modal.tsx#L58

Should we update that so that we list the available options? cc @tlabaj

Reviewer 4: I imagine this was for flexibility incase other positions are introduced.

Reviewer 3: @tlabaj nope, there are no other position options. I think a prop for position is good, I was just referring to the docs - the way the prop's value is set to "top" now, the "type" column in the docs shows as `literal`. I think it might help to show it as `'top' | 'default'`, like the `variant` prop's docs.

**position**
<img width="809" alt="Screenshot 2023-01-09 at 6 13 48 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35148959/211433444-05825e85-a730-477e-b792-15d38bf1ad15.png">

**variant**
<img width="608" alt="Screenshot 2023-01-09 at 6 14 08 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35148959/211433445-e0ad134b-4a8d-449d-a96f-52ee64124322.png">

Reviewer 4: @mcoker we can open an issue for to add `default` to the type.

Reviewer 4: issue opened: https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/issues/8523

```ts file="./ModalMedium.tsx"
```

### Large modal

To shorten the horizontal width of a modal, the `variant` property can be set to "large".

```ts file="./ModalLarge.tsx"
```

### Custom width

To choose a specific width for a modal, use the `width` property. This example has a `width` of "50%".

```ts file="./ModalCustomWidth.tsx"
```

### Custom header and footer

To add a custom header and footer to a modal, set the `header` and `footer` properties to a custom implementation. The following example passes title components into both the header and the footer and also passes an icon to the footer.

```ts file="./ModalCustomHeaderFooter.tsx"
```

### No header or footer

To exclusively present information in a modal, remove the `header` and/or `footer`.

```ts file="./ModalNoHeaderFooter.tsx"
```

### Title icon

To add an icon before a modal’s title, use the `titleIconVariant`, which can be set to one of the predefined variants -- "success", "danger", "warning", "info", and "default" -- or to an imported custom icon. The following example uses a "warning" variant.

```ts file="./ModalTitleIcon.tsx"
```

### Custom title icon

> To add a custom icon before a modal’s title, set `titleIconVariant` to an imported custom icon. The following example uses imports and uses a bullhorn icon.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To add a custom icon before a modal’s title, set `titleIconVariant` to an imported custom icon. The following example imports and uses a bullhorn icon.
```

```ts file="./ModalCustomTitleIcon.tsx"
```

### With wizard

To guide users through a series of steps in a modal, you can add a [wizard](/components/wizard) to a modal. To configure the `<Wizard>`, pass an array that contains a “name” and “component” value for each step into the `steps` property.

```ts file="./ModalWithWizard.tsx"
```

### With dropdown

> To present a menu of actions or links to a user you can add a [dropdown](/components/dropdown) to a modal. To allow the dropdown to visually break out of the modal container, set the `menuAppendTo` property to “parent”. Handle the modal’s closing behavior by listening to the `onEscapePress` callback on the `<Modal>` component. This allows the "escape" key to collapse the dropdown without closing the entire modal.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To present a menu of actions or links to a user, you can add a [dropdown](/components/dropdown) to a modal. To allow the dropdown to visually break out of the modal container, set the `menuAppendTo` property to “parent”. Handle the modal’s closing behavior by listening to the `onEscapePress` callback on the `<Modal>` component. This allows the "escape" key to collapse the dropdown without closing the entire modal.
```

```ts file="./ModalWithDropdown.tsx"
```

### With help

To help simplify and explain complex models, add a help [popover](/components/popover). Only place a help icon at the modal level if its information applies to all content in the modal. If the help popover is specific to a particular modal section, place the help icon beside that section instead.

```ts file="./ModalWithHelp.tsx"
```

### With form

> To collect user input within a modal, you can add a [form](/components/form). To open the form on a button click, set the button's `form` property equal to the form's id. 

Reviewer 3: the `form` attribute on a button will tell that button to submit a form

```suggestion
To collect user input within a modal, you can add a [form](/components/form). To submit the form from a button in the footer (outside of the `<Form>`), set the button's `form` property equal to the form's id. 
```
